Hello, this is
Jérôme Lepagnol.
I am candidate for election
of the administrator
representing employees
SG Group shareholders
with Caroline Le Vaillant
as a replacement.
The objective of this video is
double on the one hand,
I would like you to have
awareness of the stakes of this
election for the bank and
on the other hand,
I would like to explain to you in
what our proposal
different from those of others
candidates. Let me talk to you
about the importance for
this bank of this election
Voting for this election,
it's a little bit like saying
"I would like the good sense of
the fields be more visible
and be taken into account
at the executive level
officers and board of directors".
And if it was you, yes you!
who was at the helm
As you know, we are in
budget phase and those who
practice this exercise
know how difficult it is
but you, you know
where the savings are, where
put the budgetary efforts
and the means.
And if you were the
manager who makes the
budget trade-offs?
There is a budgetary dimension
but also human.
Well, voting for this election,
it's a little bit like saying
"I would like the people, the
teams that make up this bank
be considered because it is
great lever for the
bank vis-à-vis its
customers and all our
ecosystem.
We will soon be in phase
annual evaluation.  You, you
know how to make progess the
people who need it and
desire it and above all you know
how to motivate and engage
teams for the bank.
And if you were the kind manager
who is watching after this?
Banking consolidation at
European level is already in
progress, for example this Friday
September 18 in Spain CAIXABANK
(30000 collaborators) and BANKIA (15000)
have seen their merger
approved by their
respective boards of directors.
What about us? One day
or the other our bank will/may
also be concerned
by any of these
positions.
Well, voting for this
election a little bit to say
"I love this company and I
would like that in this
uncertain environment the
good choices be made for
the strategic decisions of
the bank."
You, you know what it takes
absolutely to be valued in the
bank, which represents a
competitive advantage, a
gem; you know the
segments (customers, products,
or services) it would be necessary to abandon
redesign or develop. And as
citizen or as a consumer of
banking services, you are
sensitive to the fact that everything
this implies remain in the interest of
our world in the long term.
What if you were the strategist
of such a merger?
The election is important for
you and the bank.